The client was Gaming Room, and they were attempting to expand the Android game, Darw It or Lose It into a web-based application that would we accessible across multiple platforms. The client wanted the game to be a scalable multi-platform, web-based game that could handle multiple teams and players. Each game and team name had to be unique and the uniqueness that could only have a sing game instance. The game had to have secure user authentication with robust memory and storage within the client-server architecture. 
I created a well-designed evaluation that was thorough and well structured. I thoroughly and clearly outline technical choices as it pertained to the platform, storage, memory, and security. I utilized references and real-world considerations within the document to offer guidance to the client. 
The design document made me think systematically while designing the design document. I thought about the systems architecture by breaking it down into manageable parts. These parts include the operating system, memory, and security. This enabled me to design the documentation to meet the clients’ requirements and goals. 
I would like to revise the domain model section to include more use cases as it relates to the diagram. I think this would have improved the document because then the client could better understand how the different components interact with one another. Then that would also make it clearer why they are important to meet the clients’ requirements. 
I routinely looked at the clients’ requirements as it pertained to scalability, security, and usability. I picked Linux because of its cost effectiveness and multiple security features. I also would integrate a cloud-based platform to handle the storage aspect because of the extensive image library requirement. It’s important to meet the users’ needs because you want to deliver value to the client. If you ignore the client’s requirements you may cost the company money and risk a system that won’t meet their personal needs. 
Lastly while approaching this assignment, I wanted to ensure I met industry standards when recommending architecture, tools, storage, memory, networks, and security. To do this, I used a myriad of references to ensure that I utilized proven solutions. I ensured I looked at the user to guide system requirements. I would continue to work on smaller prototypes one by one until I created a full implementation. Using this Iterative process will ensure I am regularly revising and evolving with user feedback. I could utilize more UML diagrams to create more visualizations within the document. Lastly, I will like to involve more stakeholders to help enhance my designs with fresh new ideas. 
